# generate.py README

The generator can create an output csv and json file and uses the json file *param.json* to determine the form of the generated file(s).
The following attributes are used to create the files:
- **createcsv**: Boolean value that determines if a result.csv file is created.
- **createjson**: Boolean value that determines if a result.json file is created.
- **lines**: Amount of lines that are generated (integer/numeric value).
- **delimiter**: This value determines what symbol is used to seperate values in the csv file. If it's a char or 1 symbol long string, it's value is used, if it's an integer, the number is converted to a char through Python's chr() function. I recommend using "|" as the delimiter.
- **param**: Array of JSON dictionaries that are used to generate attributes / values. Further information about this can be found in the param section.

### param

dictionaries within the param-array need to have the following attributes:
- **name**: Name of the attribute that should be generated. Self-explanatory.
- **generator**: Determines how the value is generated. Further information about this can be found in the generator section.

### generator

Right now the following methods of generating values are available:
- **"name"**: Generates a random name with a variable length between 6 and 12. These names are just random letters, with the first one being upper case and the rest being lower case to ensure that they follow naming regex.
- **"randchar"**: Generates a string from random symbols including ';', '*', '#', etc. which may or may not conflict with the delimiter (that's why I recommend using '|', which can't be generated by randchar). The "randchar" is followed by a number to represent the length of the generated string. Example: "randchar8" could produce the following string: "#oI<UgHe".
- **randint**: Generates a random number up to 10^x where x is the number following the randint. Example: randint6 could produce anything from 0 to 999999.

### example param.json

'''
{
	"createjson":true,
	"createcsv":true,
	"lines":25000,
	"delimiter":23,
	"param":[
		{
			"propname":"firstname",
			"generator":"name"
		},
		{
			"propname":"lastname",
			"generator":"name"
		},
		{
			"propname":"uid",
			"generator":"randchar8"
		},
		{
			"propname":"income",
			"generator":"randint4"
		}
	]
}
'''